IET Computer Vision
Special Issue: Computer Vision for Smart Cameras and Camera
Networks
Modelling large scale camera networks for
identification and tracking: an abstract
framework
ISSN 1751-9632
Received on 4th December 2019
Revised 26th July 2020
Accepted on 7th September 2020
E-First on 21st October 2020
doi: 10.1049/iet-cvi.2019.0959
www.ietdl.org
Lakshmi Mohan1 , Vivek Menon1
1Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Kollam 690525, Kerala, India
 E-mail: lakshmimohan@am.amrita.edu
Abstract: In this study, the authors discuss a novel approach for multi-camera-based unobtrusive identification and tracking of
occupants in wide-area, multi-building scenarios. Considering the scalability issues in adopting a centralised approach to
monitor wide-area scenarios, they proposed a distributed approach to occupant identification and tracking. The key technical
idea underlying their approach is to abstract a wide-area indoor surveillance environment using a distributed state transition
system (DSTS) model, which in turn is composed of independent building-specific state transition systems, coordinating and
collaborating with each other. This study presents the details of their DSTS model and examines the temporal ordering of
recognition events within the DSTS for ensuring accurate state information and responses to spatio–temporal queries. They
also provide an experimental evaluation of the performance of their model using precision-recall metrics. Their conclusion is that
the DSTS model serves as an efficient mechanism for tracking occupants in wide-area, multi-building scenarios monitored by
camera networks.
1௑Introduction
Large-scale camera networks have been deployed in diverse
application scenarios such as surveillance, smart environments,
disaster management, traffic management, and event recognition
[1]. Increased availability of computational resources at declining
costs, rapid advancements in communication technologies and
robust multimedia algorithms for analysing and drawing inferences
from video and audio, has led to the commissioning of large-scale
camera networks for intelligent video surveillance [1–4].
Distributed camera networks face scalability issues as the area
under surveillance expands [5, 6]. The objective of this research is
to provide a model for the identification and tracking of occupants
within a wide-area, monitored by large-scale camera networks.
In this paper, we focus on wide-area, indoor video surveillance
scenarios such as university campuses, corporate workplaces,
hospitals, military bases, and elderly homes, which typically
involves tracking occupants across multiple buildings. Considering
the scalability issues in adopting a centralised approach to
monitoring such scenarios, we extend an existing state transition
system model [7] for occupant identification and tracking, by
integrating the concepts from distributed systems to suit wide-area,
multi-building surveillance scenarios as illustrated in Fig. 1. The
movement of occupants within and across buildings in such
scenarios is akin to that of mobile networks, where each cellphone
is originally registered under a ‘home-network’, but could
dynamically ‘roam’ in an ‘outside home-network’, where it is not
originally registered; and yet continues to be reachable.
The main contribution of this paper is the abstraction of a wide-
area indoor surveillance environment using a distributed state
transition system (DSTS) model, which in turn is composed of
independent building-specific state transition systems (BSTSs),
coordinating and collaborating with each other. While each BSTS
is a building-specific set of states, associated events and the
transition function, the DSTS encompasses a distributed set of
states, distributed set of associated events and set of corresponding
transition function definitions of underlying BSTS. Each state of a
DSTS records the set of occupants who are present in various
zones of the buildings within the wide-area environment. An event
occurring in a DSTS abstracts the recognition step and the
transition function abstracts the reasoning involved to effect state
transitions. As the events are based on occupant probabilities
generated by biometric recognition (face), the state information is
expressed in terms of probabilities of the occupants being present
in various zones of the buildings, as discussed in depth in [7]. The
state of a DSTS changes with the occurrence of an event, i.e. the
movement of an occupant within the BSTS or across the BSTS.
Integrating the states of these BSTS, temporally realises a DSTS.
Another important aspect of our distributed approach for
tracking is the notion of ‘occupant roaming’. Here we draw an
analogy between the movement of occupants across buildings, with
the domain of cellular-phone networks, where each cellphone is
originally registered under a ‘home-network’, but could
dynamically ‘roam’ in an ‘outside home-network’, where it is not
originally registered. This roaming approach inspired by cellular-
phone networks allows us to seamlessly account for occupant
mobility within and across buildings. By using this approach, we
effectively 
circumvent 
the 
complexity 
of 
state-space
representation, which otherwise would have required us to
maintain and continuously update a centralised mega-state table of
all the buildings and associated zones. The roaming analogy helps
us to realise a distributed state-space representation of a wide-area
multi-building surveillance scenario.
Addressing spatio–temporal queries involving occupants who
have traversed multiple zones across different buildings, such as
‘Generate the track of all occupants who visited nearby buildings’,
is a non-trivial problem as the relevant state information that forms
the basis for retrieval is dependent on time synchronisation and
Fig. 1௒ Wide-area indoor surveillance
 
IET Comput. Vis., 2020, Vol. 14 Iss. 7, pp. 426-433
© The Institution of Engineering and Technology 2020
426
sequencing of recognition events. Considering the complexities
associated with the concurrent movement of occupants across
various buildings and associated state updates [8], we examine
aspects of event sequencing via our DSTS model.
The rest of this paper is organised as follows. The related work
is presented in Section 2, while the details of our model are
discussed in Section 3, experimental evaluation in Section 4,
followed by the conclusions in Section 5.
2௑Related work
2.1 Camera networks for identification and tracking
Large-scale camera networks with the non-overlapping field of
view serve as the main source of information for occupant
identification and tracking across multiple buildings in our work.
Camera networks provide potential input information for occupant
identity, spatio–temporal aspects of a scene, social situation and
activity recognition [9–13]. Biometric approaches to occupant
identification and tracking involve modalities such as the face, gait,
voice [13, 14], multimodal fusion [15], dynamic personal attributes
[16]. Apart from being secure, safe and unobtrusive, face as a
unique biometric modality is chosen for human identification
owing to the advances in imaging devices, ease of acquiring face
images and the huge availability of face images [17]. Isolating face
from the captured image frame [18] and mapping it to any known
face from a labelled face database are the major steps involved in
face recognition [14]. Despite the advancements in face recognition
technology, the recogniser accuracy deteriorates for the real-world
video data due to the low resolution of images and motion blur.
Additionally, external factors such as uncertainty in occupants’
appearance, occlusion, changes in viewpoint, background clutter
and sporadic environmental variations [14, 19] also lead to
deterioration of recognition accuracy, thereby reducing the
accuracy of video camera-based tracking frameworks. Besides
these factors, multi-building occupant tracking can get affected by
the increase in the area of surveillance and the number of
occupants [4].
Multi-building occupant tracking approaches are similar to
person re-identification [13] across multiple cameras present at
various locations within multiple buildings of the surveillance area.
An overview of the widely used techniques for human tracking
using cameras is available in [4]. State-of-the-art approaches for
human tracking across non-overlapping cameras can be majorly
categorised as human re-identification [20, 21], camera-link model-
based tracking and graph-model-based tracking [4].
Traditional surveillance techniques become inefficient with the
increase in area under surveillance and duration of surveillance [2,
3]. Subsequent approaches based on intelligent video analytics
addresses this situation with sophisticated computer vision
algorithms. As the area under surveillance increases, performance
issues related to scalability, bandwidth, security, the volume of
multimedia data, and risk of a single point of failure [6], prompt an
extension or replacement of centralised approaches by distributed
strategies [5, 8, 22, 23]. Additionally, the presence of concurrent
recognition events, inefficient multimedia data management
techniques, and lack of synchronisation associated with the
recognition, reasoning, and retrieval mechanisms could dampen the
performance of video analytics solutions operating in wide-area
[8]. Such scenarios, if left unattended can lead to a decrease in
quality of service leading to erroneous identification and associated
tracking results, as well as increased latency in query processing
during retrieval.
Wide-area indoor surveillance applications employ a large
number of visual sensors, especially cameras for monitoring
occupant movement, thereby generating a massive amount of
multidimensional data. A well-defined framework for distributed
surveillance helps to realise an efficient design of the distributed
architecture for video surveillance [1]. Hong et al. [8] proposed a
distributed 
framework 
for 
large-scale 
situation 
awareness
application on camera-networks, which minimises the burden on
the domain experts to just providing the domain-specific handlers.
Thus the ubiquitous presence of visual sensors in public and
private places can form a distributed surveillance system that
allows spatio–temporal situation awareness. However, such
systems face various challenges caused by redundancy in
multimedia data [23]. Song et al. [24] discussed the distributed
tracking using a Kalman consensus filtering, involving hand-off
between neighbouring autonomous cameras as the target moves
from the field of view of one camera to the next. Scalability of
such approaches to multi-building scenarios is constrained by the
bandwidth requirement in inter-camera communication. A
distributed inference-based scalable smart video surveillance
framework as an alternative for a centralised approach by
employing smart visual sensors and an overlapping field of view
for occupancy reasoning is discussed in [5].
2.2 Review of 3R's model for identification and tracking
Our work is inspired by the 3R's model (recognition, reasoning and
retrieval) [7], which proposed a unified probabilistic model using
state transition systems (STS) for tracking and querying the
whereabouts of occupants in smart spaces. The 3R's model
elegantly abstracts the behaviour of a smart space in terms of
states, events and a state transition function and transforms
voluminous raw video data into a structured form for efficient
information retrieval. Here a network of cameras is positioned
selectively at entrances/exits/zones to realise unconstrained
recognition of occupants using unobtrusive biometric modalities
such as face and gait. The underlying STS model is event-based,
where a ‘face-recognition’ event represents the transition of a
registered occupant from one zone to another. Here the notion of
tracking is discrete, and effectively balances privacy-versus-
security concerns, and enhances occupant convenience with
freedom from both tag-based and ‘pause-and-declare’ approaches.
We summarise the salient aspects of 3R's model and focus on
developing a distributed variant; and discuss the associated
challenges for an expanded setting involving wide-area multi-
building surveillance scenario.
The STS model can be likened to a centralised approach as the
surveillance area under consideration is localised and comprises of
a single building divided into multiple zones. In this approach, the
state transition system (S, E, Δ) consists of states, which abstract
the information necessary to support information retrieval; events,
triggered by movements of occupants, abstract a biometric
recognition step; and the transition function, which abstracts the
reasoning behind the state transitions. This model is probabilistic in
nature in order to preserve the inexactness in biometric recognition.
Whenever an event occurs, the system changes its state and the
corresponding state transitions from the initial state s0 to final state
sx following some series of events labelled as e1, e2, …, ex may be
depicted as follows:
s0 →
e1
s1 →
e2
s2… →
ex
sx .
The transition function, which models the state change for the
centralised approach is as follows:
Δ:S × E →S
(1)
where S is the set of states, E is the set of events and Δ is the
transition function.
To minimise the impact of recognition errors caused by
unobtrusive and unconstrained biometric modalities such as face,
spatio–temporal reasoning techniques such as track-based
reasoning are discussed in the 3R's model. Augmenting biometric
recognition with spatio–temporal reasoning partially alleviates the
shortcomings of an inefficient face recognition module and
enhances the overall performance of the system. Precision and
recall, standard information-theoretic metrics are modified with the
use of a recognition threshold θ to evaluate the performance.
2.3 Shortcomings of a centralised approach
A centralised approach using the STS approach discussed in
Section 2.2 handles events and state updates for a relatively smaller
IET Comput. Vis., 2020, Vol. 14 Iss. 7, pp. 426-433
© The Institution of Engineering and Technology 2020
427
 17519640, 2020, 7, Downloaded from https://ietresearch.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1049/iet-cvi.2019.0959 by Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Wiley Online Library on [05/02/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License
surveillance area, as in a single building. For instance, if we have w
buildings, each building with mu zones and nu registered occupants,
the state information of each building can be represented in the
form of a (nu × mu) state table, with rows representing the
registered occupants and columns representing the zones. Applying
the centralised approach as in [7], for modelling the multi-building
surveillance scenario, generates a mega centralised state table of
size ∑u = 1
w
nu × ∑u = 1
w
mu for the entire wide-area environment,
which needs to be updated for every event update. A ‘face-
recognition’ event occurring in a building due to the movement of
an occupant from one zone to another, involves the generation of
probabilities for all the registered occupants in the environment
(including registered occupants of all other buildings) and
subsequent updation of their corresponding probabilities of
presence across all zones of all buildings. The centralised approach
can be best understood as resulting in a mega-state table with
dimensions: total number of registered occupants across all
buildings (rows) × total number of zones across all buildings
(columns), with each row corresponding to a registered occupant.
Therefore, the centralised approach requires updation of a large
monolithic state table of all the registered occupants across all
buildings, for every single event, leading to scalability issues. Such
a centralised approach would be rather cumbersome and unwieldy.
By employing a distributed approach, each of the building is
modelled separately; with each building having a state table of size
nu × mu  and unlike the centralised approach, an update
corresponding to the occurrence of an event is localised to the
corresponding state table of the building (nu × mu). The distributed
variant (DSTS) involving BSTS circumvents this problem by
limiting each BSTS to manageable state tables of registered
occupants of respective buildings. Thus for wide-area indoor
surveillance scenarios with multiple buildings, a distributed
approach would be more efficient than the centralised approach in
terms of computational complexity of state updates.
3௑DSTS model for wide-area indoor surveillance
Our approach employs a DSTS that involves distributed states,
events, and a transition function for abstracting contextual
information. The wide-area indoor surveillance environment under
consideration consists of w-buildings, with each building bu
divided into mu zones, indicating that the number of zones varies
with the building. In addition to mu zones, we define the notion of
building-specific transition zone denoted as ZTu as the adjoining
area outside a building, but within the surveillance perimeter.
3.1 Definitions
In this section, we provide formal definitions to the context, basic
components of the DSTS, and the abstraction it provides.
 
Definition (Wide-area indoor surveillance environment): A
wide-area indoor surveillance environment with w-buildings,
forming the set B = b1, b2, …, bw , is abstracted as a DSTS
S′, E′, Δ′  where S′ is the set of distributed states labelled as
S
1, S
2, …, Sw; E′ is the set of distributed events labelled as
E
1, E
2, …, Ew and Δ′:S′ × E′ →S′ is the function that models a
state transition on the occurrence of an event.
A building bu with nu registered occupants is abstracted as
BSTSu, Su, Eu, Δu  where Su is the set of building-specific states
labelled as s0u, s1u, …, sxu
u ; Eu is the set of building-specific events
labelled as e1u, e2u, …, exu
u  and Δu:Su × Eu →Su is the function that
models the building-specific state transition on the occurrence of a
corresponding 
building-specific 
event. 
State 
transitions
corresponding to building bu may be depicted as follows:
BSTSu:s0u →
e1
u
s1u →
e2
u
s2u⋯→
exu
u
sxu
u
where as a distributed state transition that involves w-buildings can
be depicted as follows:
BSTS1: s0
1 →
e1
1
s1
1 →
e2
1
s2
1⋯→
ex1
1
sx1
1
BSTS2: s0
2 →
e1
2
s1
2 →
e2
2
s2
2⋯→
ex2
2
sx2
2
⋮
BSTSw: s0w →
e1
w
s1w →
e2
w
s2w⋯→
exw
w
sxw
w .
The number of state transitions occurring at each BSTS varies
depending upon the number of building-specific events recorded at
each BSTS.
Every occupant is registered to a unique building, e.g. the one
he or she might frequent on a daily basis. This is similar to the
concept of ‘home network’ in mobile communications. Thus each
building bu has a unique set of registered occupants denoted as OuR.
It follows that the sets of registered occupants for any pair of
buildings are disjoint. However, in order to model situations where
registered occupants of a building visit another building (where
they are not part of the list of registered occupants), we introduce
the notion of a dynamic set of ‘Visitors’ (unregistered occupants),
akin to roaming in mobile networks and denoted as OuV.
 
Definition (Occupant): For the w -building wide-area indoor
surveillance environment, the set of registered occupants O′, can be
given as O′ = ⋃uR = 1
w
OuR. At any point in time, each building bu
can accommodate nu occupants, from the pool of nuR registered
occupants (forming the set OuR = {o1
uR, o2
uR…, onuR
uR }) and nuV visitors
(forming the set OuV = {o1
uV, o2
uV…, onuV
uV }), such that for any
building bu with mu zones denoted as Vu = {z1u, z2u, …, zmu
u },
OuR⋂OuV = ∅. The total occupant count within a building bu given
by nu varies over time, depending on occupant movement.
For a building bu with mu zones and nu occupants, the kth state
sk
u of the BSTSu is represented by mu-tuple Z1k
u , …, Zmuk
u
, were for
1 ≤j ≤mu and u ≠u′
Zjk
u =
{⟨oi
u, pjk
u (oi
u)⟩1 ≤i ≤nuR} ∪
{⟨oi′
u′, pjk
u (oi′
u′)⟩1 ≤i′ ≤nuV}
.
(2)
In (2), oi
u corresponds to registered occupants and oi
u′ corresponds
to visitors. State Su of the BSTSu is represented as
Su = {s1u, s2u, …, sk
u, sxu
u }. The state of a building is expressed in terms
of the probabilities of the occupants being present in various zones
of the building. The state information of a building bu is captured
across two separate building-specific state tables, one for registered
occupants denoted as s_Rku
u  and the other for visitors of the building
denoted as s_Vku
u . State sku
u  for a building bu can be given as follows:
sku
u = s_Rku
u ∪s_Vku
u
.
(3)
 
Definition (DSTS state): Extending this to a wide-area indoor
surveillance environment with a set of zones denoted as
V′ = ⋃u = 1
w
Vu, with a total number of zones r = ⋃u = 1
w
Vu  and c
occupants, where c = ⋃u = 1
w
OuR , a state Sk′ of the DSTS is
represented as an r-tuple as follows:
Z1k
1 , Z2k
1 , …, Zm1k
1 , Z1k
2 , Z2k
2 , …, Z1k
w, Z2k
w, …, Zmwk
w
.
The state of the DSTS at the time t, Sk′, t  of the wide-area
environment, is defined as follows:
428
IET Comput. Vis., 2020, Vol. 14 Iss. 7, pp. 426-433
© The Institution of Engineering and Technology 2020
 17519640, 2020, 7, Downloaded from https://ietresearch.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1049/iet-cvi.2019.0959 by Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Wiley Online Library on [05/02/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License
Sk′, t = sku
u , t′
where
1 ≤u ≤w, t′ = t,
(k, ku, w)ϵℕ, (t, t′)ϵℝ
+ .
(4)
The number of events that occurred at each BSTS varies and hence
k and ku can take any value from ℕ. The overall meaningful state of
the DSTS at a particular time t is obtained by aggregating the local
state information from each BSTS at the time t. The overall state of
DSTS is referred to as the global state of the wide-area indoor
surveillance environment. This definition of a DSTS state
illustrates the importance of a common notion of time and the need
for time synchronisation across the component BSTS.
However, there could be scenarios where no events were
reported in the time interval t′ to t in a BSTS, where t′ < t. In such
cases the above definition of the global state of the DSTS in (4) can
be modified as follows:
Sk′, t′ = sku
u , t′
where
1 ≤u ≤w, t′ ≤t,
sku′
u , t′ ∪sku
u , t = sku′
u , t′ ,
(k, ku, ku′, w)ϵℕ, (t, t′)ϵℝ
+
(5)
Among the sequence of events {e1u, e2u, …, exu
u } occurring at BSTSu,
the most recent event at BSTSu that occurred at a time t′, where
t′ ≤t will be considered towards inclusion in the DSTS state at the
time t. If no events happened at BSTSu in time interval [t′, t], state
information at the time t′ (i.e. sku′
u , t′) will be the same as state
information at the time t (i.e. sku
u , t).
The state of the distributed system changes with the occurrence
of an event and this state information is expressed in terms of
probabilities of the occupants being present in various zones of the
multiple buildings. The occupant movement from one building to
another happens via a transition zone, which is always outside the
building, but within the area of surveillance. Each building bu has
an associated transition zone labelled as zT
1, zT
2, …, zT
w. For each state
sk
u, and for each occupant oi
u, we enforce a constraint as follows:
∑
j = 1
mu
pjk
u (oi
u) + pTk
u (oi
u) = 1.
(6)
The total probability of occurrence for an occupant oi
u (registered
or visitor) across all zones within a building is given by the term
∑j = 1
mu pjk
u (oi
u) and term pTk
u (oi
u) gives the probability of occupant oi
u
being present in the transition zone. This constraint indicates that
the sum of probabilities of any occupant being present across all
the zones within a building and the associated transition zone in
any state equals one.
 
Definition (DSTS event): Given a w-building wide-area indoor
surveillance environment, biometric recognition of an occupant at a
particular zone is considered as an event at that zone of the
building. The distance score output of the biometric recogniser can
be mapped to probability distribution using the approach discussed
in [7]. In the proposed work, we model recognition events as
internal events that are local to each BSTS. An event ek
u local to
BSTSu occurring at a time t at zone zj
u (1 ≤u ≤w; 1 ≤j ≤mu) can
be denoted as t, zj
u, Pk
u , where k represents the order of event
occurrence, Pk =
oi
u, pjk
u (oi
u) :1 ≤i ≤nu  and pjk
u (oi
u) is the
probability that an occupant oi
u (registered or visitor) was
recognised at the zone j of building u in the event ek
u. Eu is the set
of all events associated to the BSTSu, and represented as
Eu = ⋃k,uεℕek
u. The events associated with a DSTS can be given
as:
E′ = ⋃
u = 1
w
Eu .
(7)
These events are distributed across multiple BSTS. Any set of
recognition events associated with a DSTS can be sequential or
concurrent depending on the instance at which events occur.
However, it may be noted that despite concurrency resulting from
movement of occupants within and across buildings, the state
transition system model effectively serialises the biometric capture
event, given the availability of the exact time stamp of occurrence
of the event.
 
Definition 
(State 
transition 
function): 
The 
function
Δ′:S′ × E′ →S′ maps the state Sk −1
′
 into state Sk′ upon the
occurrence of an event ek
u. The transition function determines the
next state depending on the current state. We model each building
with a BSTS and the entire area under surveillance is modelled
using a DSTS. The transition function for any BSTSu can be
represented as follows:
Δu:Su × Eu →Su .
(8)
Δu determines local state Su = Z1k
u , …, Zmuk
u
 of each BSTS
corresponding to each building as follows: let xi
u = 1 −pjk
u (oi
u).
Then
Zjk
u =
oi
u, pjk
u (oi
u) + xi × pjk −1
u
(oi
u)
where 1 ≤i ≤nu
(9)
Zlk
u =
oi
u, xi
u × plk −1
u
(oi
u):1 ≤i ≤nu ,
for 1 ≤l ≤mu and l ≠j
.
(10)
Information from such w-BSTS can be aggregated to get the
information associated with the DSTS model. DSTS transition
function can be depicted as follows:
Δ′:S′ × E′ →S′,
(11)
where S′ is the state of DSTS that can be deduced from (4) and (5),
and E′ is the events associated with DSTS from (7).
3.2 Discussions on state table representation in DSTS
In our approach, each building is associated with a registered set of
occupants who frequent the building. Movement of such occupants
across other buildings in the environment, where they are not part
of the registered set cannot be handled by the typical distributed
state table of the building. In order to identify and track the
movement of these unregistered occupants who can be considered
as visitors to the building, we use an additional visitor state table.
The visitor state table for the building bu has mu columns
(corresponding to the number of zones in the building bu) with
variable number of rows depending on the number of visitors nvu in
that building bu at any given point in time t.
A state of a wide-area environment reflects the probability of
presence of occupants in different zones of the various buildings in
the wide-area indoor surveillance environment. In Table 1, we
depict the state of a particular building bu at a particular time t
using a state table having nu rows (corresponding to the number of
occupants in the building bu) and mu columns (corresponding to the
number of zones in the building bu). Each BSTS has two building-
specific state tables which evolve over time, based on the
occurrence of events. One of these state tables is for registered
occupants (Table 1) and the other for visitors (Table 2). 
Table 3 illustrates an instance of the state table shown in Table 1
at the time t1 for building b1 with four zones, a transition zone zT
1,
and five registered occupants. The table shows the probability of
each of the five registered occupants being present in the four
zones of the building and transition zone. In this example, the
registered occupant o1
1 has left the building as he has been detected
in the transition zone associated to building b1 with a high
IET Comput. Vis., 2020, Vol. 14 Iss. 7, pp. 426-433
© The Institution of Engineering and Technology 2020
429
 17519640, 2020, 7, Downloaded from https://ietresearch.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1049/iet-cvi.2019.0959 by Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Wiley Online Library on [05/02/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License
probability, while all the other four registered occupants are within
the building in zone 4.
Table 4 illustrates an instance of the state table shown in Table 2
at the time t2 for building b2 with three zones, a transition zone zT
2,
and a visitor o1
1. When o1
1, a registered occupant of building b1 visits
building b2, the biometric recogniser at the entry zone z1
2 of b2 is
unable to find a match amongst the registered occupants of b2. In
such scenarios, we look up a centralised master database of all the
registered occupants across all the buildings and eventually
identify the detected person as o1
1, a registered occupant of the
building b1, and effectively a visitor to the building b2. Though we
know o1
1 hails from the building b1, we apply spatio–temporal
reasoning to infer his arrival in b2 at the time t2 was from building
b1, given the high probability of the presence of o1
1 in transition
zone of building b1 at the time t1. Effectively, this high probability
in the transition zone of the building b1 confirms the absence of o1
1
inside building b1. As a result of this formulation, a query that
checks for just the presence/absence of a registered occupant at a
building level is guaranteed to retrieve an accurate result from the
corresponding state table, confirming the presence/absence of the
occupant. In event of the confirmed absence of a registered
occupant from a building, we need to lookup the visitor tables of
other adjacent buildings for presence, depending on the nature of
the query in question.
3.3 Temporal ordering of DSTS events
Time synchronisation and event ordering constitute some of the
typical challenges associated with distributed systems [25]. In a
multi-building wide-area indoor surveillance scenario, all BSTS
clocks can be safely assumed to be in synchronisation and
therefore the temporal order of two events could be inferred from
their respective clock values. Ordering of recognition events across
the BSTS and the associated state updates within each BSTS are
key aspects that need to be ensured to effectively realise our DSTS
model. In this discussion, we consider all the state updates to be in
order if the events are in order. If events are not ordered properly,
the order of state updates could get compromised and lead to
erroneous tracking results. From (9) and (10), we know that current
state information depends on the previous state. Since a single
event occurrence updates the associated state table for the
corresponding BSTS, we must ensure the ordering of events within
a BSTS and at the DSTS level.
Despite the availability of timestamps associated with events, to
account for concurrent movement of occupants across different
buildings, we define partial ordering and total ordering of
recognition events. We define ‘happened before’ relation for
recognition events in wide-area indoor surveillance as: if a and b
are two recognition events occurring in the same BSTS, and a
comes before b, then a →b. The symbol → denotes happen before
relation. Since a happens before b, a can causally affect b. If a →b
and b →c, then a →c. Two recognition events a and b are said to
be concurrent if, a ↛b and b ↛a. The symbol ∥ denotes
concurrency. The concept of ‘happened before’ can be used to find
erroneous sequence of recognition events for example an exit event
recorded before an entry event.
In Fig. 2, horizontal direction represents time, and time
advances forward with later time higher than earlier time. The
DSTS components, BSTS are marked along the vertical direction.
Each horizontal line corresponds to the advance in time for a
particular BSTS. The shaded circles represent recognition events.
From Fig. 2, we can infer the following: a →b, b →c, then a →c.
Table 1 State table for building bu at time t for registered occupant oi′
z1u
z2u
⋯
zmu
u
zT
u
o1u
p1k
u (o1u)
p2k
u (o1u)
⋯
pmuk
u (o1u)
pTuk
u (o1u)
o2u
p1k
u (o2u)
p2k
u (o2u)
⋯
pmuk
u (o2u)
pTuk
u (o2u)
⋮
⋮
⋮
⋯
⋮
⋮
onu
u
p1k
u (onu
u )
p2k
u (onu
u )
⋯
pmuk
u (onu
u )
pTuk
u (onu
u )
 
Table 2 Visitor state table entry of building bu for occupant o1u′ at time t
z1u
z2u
⋯
zm1
u
zT
u
o1u′
p1k
u (o1u′)
p2k
u (o1u′)
⋯
pm1k
u (o1u′)
pT1k
u (o1u′)
⋮
⋮
⋮
⋯
⋮
⋮
 
Table 3 Sample state table of registered occupants for building b1
z1
1
z2
1
z3
1
z4
1
zT
1
o1
1
0.020
0
0
0
0.980
o2
1
0.260
0.042
0.024
0.674
0
o3
1
0.005
0
0.032
0.962
0.001
o4
1
0.001
0
0
0.999
0
o5
1
0.128
0.001
0.042
0.829
0
 
Table 4 Sample visitor state table depicting visitor o1
1 probability for building b2
z1
2
z2
2
z3
2
zT
2
o1
1
0.999
0.001
0
0
 
Fig. 2௒ DSTS space-time diagram
 
430
IET Comput. Vis., 2020, Vol. 14 Iss. 7, pp. 426-433
© The Institution of Engineering and Technology 2020
 17519640, 2020, 7, Downloaded from https://ietresearch.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1049/iet-cvi.2019.0959 by Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Wiley Online Library on [05/02/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License
Since there is no communication between the BSTS, we can
assume that a pair of recognition events, happening at two different
BSTS, cannot causally affect any event in other BSTSs. Thus, any
event in BSTS1 cannot causally affect any event in BSTS2. We
consider our event execution as atomic and the degree of atomicity
is chosen to be the most elementary, which is occupant recognition
event at each zone. Being rudimentary among the levels of
atomicity ensures that a particular recognition event is indivisible
and instantaneous.
As mentioned in [26], we consider clock as a means for
assigning a number to a recognition event where the number is the
time at which the recognition event occurred. We formally define a
physical clock [26] for a wide-area indoor surveillance scenario as
function Cu(t), which denotes the reading of clock Cu at the
physical time t. Two events e and e′ can be assigned clock values k
and k′, respectively if those events satisfy the below condition. For
any events ek
u and ek′
u′, we define the clock value assigned k and k′ :
if ek
u →ek′
u′, then C(ek
u, t) < C(ek′
u′, t′) ∧(t < t′).
The linear ordering of events are achieved if the system satisfies
the ‘causal precedence’ or ‘happened before’ property. Based on
the physical clock, we define the causal precedence property [25]
for recognition events happening within a BSTS as follows:
∀(ek
u, t), ∀(ek′
u′, t′)ϵE′, ek
u →ek′
u′
⟺
ek
u →
u ek′
u′, t < t′
(u = u′) ∧(k < k′),
u, u′, k, k′ϵℕ
.
(12)
Equation (12) implies that recognition event ek
u happened before
the recognition event ek′
u′ at the same building. Hence state update
initiated by event ek
u denoted as sk + 1
u
 happens before the state
update initiated by event ek′
u′ denoted as sk′ + 1
u′
, i.e. sk + 1
u
→sk′ + 1
u′
. This
brings in partial ordering on the set of all events in the system.
For accurate state realisation, all events are to follow partial
ordering as well as total ordering. Total ordering (relation symbol:
⇒) for a distributed system defined in [26] is extended to a wide-
area indoor surveillance as: if ek
u and ek′
u′ are two recognition events
happening at different zones zi
u and zj
u of BSTSu, then ek
u ⇒ek′
u′ if
and only if either, Ci(ek
u) < Ci(ek′
u′); or Ci(ek
u) = Ci(ek′
u′) and zi
u ≺zj
u
(priority of zi
u is greater than zj
u) if i < j.
Fig. 3 depicts ordering of two physically concurrent events e1
1
occurring at BSTS1 and e1
2 occurring at BSTS2. Since both events
are having the same order of occurrence and physical time of
occurrence, we can casually order the events as mentioned in
Fig. 3. The above scenario of physical concurrency can be
identified if and only if physical clock associated with each BSTS
are in synchronisation with each other and also with DSTS and
thus makes the case for physical clock and time synchronisation.
4௑Experimental evaluation
We illustrate a realisation of the DSTS model, composed of
independent BSTS by considering a college campus with a total of
35 registered occupants across two buildings. Fifteen of the
occupants are registered with the building b1, while the remaining
20 of them are registered with the building b2. For ease of
illustration, as well as to retain our focus on the distributed model,
we limit the number set of zones in our experimental evaluation as
z1
1, z2
1, z3
1 and zT
1 in building b1 and z1
2, z2
2 and zT
2 in the building b2. We
consider the movement of the ten registered occupants of the
building b1 over a period from 9:00 am to 4:30 pm. The remaining
five registered occupants of the building b1 were not present on this
day. The entry of an occupant in the building b1 is captured by an
event and associated state transition occurring at the entry zone z1
1;
and the corresponding exit is captured by another event and the
associated state transition in the exit zone z3
1. A total 86 such events
were recorded for these 10 registered occupants The transition
zones zT
1 and zT
2 account for the probabilities of occupants while
they are outside their corresponding buildings.
Face recognition has been implemented with the help of ‘Face
Recognition’, a Python-based library built using ‘Dlib’ toolkit [27],
which employs state-of-the-art deep learning algorithms. This face
recognition module is based on a modified ResNet-34 network
architecture, pre-trained on the ‘Labelled Faces in the Wild’ dataset
with an accuracy of 99.38% [28]. Our face data set contains 40
images of each of the 35 registered occupants. The initial phase
associated with the recognition task is the generation of encodings
by the deep learning network for each of the faces in the registered
occupants set. Each building will have its own registered set of
occupants and their corresponding encodings. The entry of an
occupant in a zone is captured by a camera which triggers a face
recognition event with the associated state update defined by the
transition function. The ‘batch_face_locations’ module based on
CNN object detector, returns the location of all the faces within the
image. These detected faces are further converted into
corresponding feature vectors. The ‘face_distance’ module within
the ‘Face Recognition’ library returns the distance scores upon a
comparison of a detected face encoding with the encodings of
registered occupants, and these distance scores get mapped to
probability scores as discussed in the definition of ‘Event’ in
Section 3. We also utilise the ‘compare_faces’ module available
within ‘Face Recognition’ library, which utilises a built-in
tolerance threshold to compare a list of registered occupant face
encodings to a detected face encoding and determine the known
face encodings that match with the detected face encoding. This
will return TRUE for each match from the registered occupant set
and FALSE otherwise. In our experiments, we have observed a
very close correlation between the output of these two modules, i.e.
customised ‘face_distance’ module (where customisation is limited
to the additional step of mapping distance scores to probability
scores) and the standard ‘compare_faces’ module. Of the 40
images available for each registered occupant of a building, the
person with the lowest distance score (which effectively maps to
the highest probability score) generated by the customised
‘face_distance’ module, also obtained the maximum number of
‘TRUE’ votes from the ‘compare_faces’ module. Here, the
‘compare_faces’ module merely serves to validate the results of the
face recognition process and plays only a secondary role in our
experiment. The minimum number of ‘TRUE’ votes that such
genuine matches obtained was observed to be 12, across our
experiments. In the likely event of a visitor who is not registered
with a particular building, the distance scores generated will be
very high as the detected face will not be similar to any of the
registered occupants of the building. Additionally, the voting
condition will not be satisfied in such scenarios. As a result, the
recognition module will initiate a process to verify whether the
individual is a visitor, i.e. a registered occupant of a nearby
building, by matching against the master list of 35 registered
Fig. 3௒ Ordering of events in a DSTS
 
IET Comput. Vis., 2020, Vol. 14 Iss. 7, pp. 426-433
© The Institution of Engineering and Technology 2020
431
 17519640, 2020, 7, Downloaded from https://ietresearch.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1049/iet-cvi.2019.0959 by Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Wiley Online Library on [05/02/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License
occupants. The visitor is also confirmed based on the minimum
distance score and the count for ‘TRUE’ votes. A recognition
output, which could not be associated with a registered occupant or
a visitor, is classified to be an ‘Unknown’ individual. Given our
focus on the tracking of registered occupants across buildings,
tracking of such unknown individuals is not addressed in this work,
which otherwise is known to be a challenging and separate
research problem by itself.
To evaluate the performance of our model, we utilise the
concepts of precision and recall as defined and discussed in [7] for
such contexts. The precision metric captures the extent of false
positives, while the recall metric captures the extent of false
negatives. These definitions are specified in terms of a recognition
threshold θ; implying only those people with a probability ≥θ are
assumed to be present. When a person's probability in two or more
zones is ≥ θ, the zone with the highest probability is taken as the
zone of that person's presence. For a given state, the precision is
the ratio of the number of occupants recognised who are in the
ground truth to the total number of occupants recognised at that
state. Averaging the precision across all the states leads us to the
average precision. Similarly, for a given state, the recall is the ratio
of the number of occupants recognised who are in the ground truth
to the total number of occupants in the ground truth for that state.
Averaging the recall across all states leads us to the average recall.
Table 5 illustrates the generation of state-based precision and
recall metrics across varying values of the recognition threshold θ. 
Table 5 captures a snapshot of the calculation of state-based
performance metrics for varying recognition thresholds θ, at the
state s30
1  of the building b1, after the registered occupant o12
1  has
exited the building b1 at 10:12 am by moving into the associated
transition zone zT
1. Fig. 4 shows the plot of state-based precision
and recall metrics for the state s30
1 . Similar calculations are repeated
for each of the 86 states corresponding to the 86 events that were
reported in the building b1.
As can be seen in Table 5, at very low values of θ, a relatively
higher proportion of false positives present in the set of recognised
occupants, keeps the precision low. At θ = 0, ak = 9, the number of
occupants currently present in the building b1 (as o12
1  has already
left the building and moved to transit zone zT
1), and bk = 15, the
total number of registered occupants in the building b1, and hence
precision =  ak/bk = 9/15 = 0.6. The proportion of false positives
present in the set of recognised occupants reduces with increasing
θ, until a relatively very high threshold (when θ is nearly 1), where
even the true positives also fail to get recognised, leading to an
overall drop in precision.
Recall, on the other hand, decreases with increasing θ. As can
be seen from Table 5, at low values of θ, there are no false
negatives present in the set of recognised occupants, thereby
generating a recall value of 1. When the recognition threshold θ is
increased and nears 1, even the actual occupants fail to get
recognised and thus the proportion of false negatives increases,
which in turn reduces the recall.
Accurate recognition results generated by the face recognition
module (which are abstracted as events) has contributed to the
relatively high values of probabilities of the presence for the
genuine occupants observed across the sequence of states. This in
turn has a direct impact on the true positives reported at high
recognition thresholds, as well as limiting the false positives and
false negatives. The precision and recall values for each of the 86
states are averaged to obtain average precision and average recall
values for this period. These are reported in Table 6 and illustrated
in Fig. 5, and are very similar to the trend for an individual state,
discussed above. 
The intersection of the average precision and average recall
yields an optimal recognition threshold θ, where the number of
false positives equals the number of false negatives [7]. The overall
accuracy of the face recognition module largely determines this
optimal recognition threshold θ. From Fig. 5, we can observe that
the optimal operating point for this particular sequence of events is
in the range [0.3, 0.82]. As a result, we can safely choose the
higher value of 0.82 as the optimal recognition threshold for the
given sequence of events. This high value for the recognition
threshold is largely reflective of the overall accuracy of the
underlying face recognition module, implying that a reduction in
accuracy of the face recognition module will necessitate lowering
Table 5 State-based performance metrics for state s30
1  for varying recognition threshold θ at building b1
θ
tp
f p
f n
ak = tp
bk = tp + f p
ck = tp + f n
Precision = ak/bk
Recall = ak/ck
0.0
9
6
0
9
15
9
0.60
1
0.1
9
2
0
9
11
9
0.82
1
0.3
9
0
0
9
9
9
1
1
0.5
9
0
0
9
9
9
1
1
0.82
9
0
0
9
9
9
1
1
0.9
7
0
2
7
7
9
1
0.78
1
0
0
9
0
0
9
0
0
 
Fig. 4௒ s30
1  Precision and recall curve
 
Table 6 Average precision and average recall for varying θ
θ
Average precision
Average recall
0.0
0.51
1
0.1
0.90
1
0.3
1
1
0.5
1
1
0.82
1
1
0.9
1
0.87
1
0
0
 
432
IET Comput. Vis., 2020, Vol. 14 Iss. 7, pp. 426-433
© The Institution of Engineering and Technology 2020
 17519640, 2020, 7, Downloaded from https://ietresearch.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1049/iet-cvi.2019.0959 by Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Wiley Online Library on [05/02/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License
of this optimal recognition threshold also. After considering
multiple sequences of events involving all the registered occupants
over a period of time, the optimal recognition threshold value can
be fine-tuned further.
Fig. 6 illustrates the partial track of a registered occupant o12
1 ,
originally a registered occupant of the building b1, who visits
building b2 as a visitor. The visitor track is highlighted in red.
5௑Conclusion
In this paper, we have presented a novel approach for multi-
camera-based identification and tracking in wide-area indoor
surveillance scenarios. The key contributions of our paper are:
1.
A DSTS model, composed of independent BSTS, coordinating
and collaborating with each other, which effectively abstracts
occupant identification and tracking in a multi-building wide-
area indoor surveillance environment, while alleviating the
shortcomings of a centralised approach.
2.
An innovative approach to handle registered occupants and
visitors of a given building.
3.
Sequencing of recognition events in a distributed surveillance
environment.
Our DSTS model integrates concepts of distributed systems, state
transition systems and event-based systems for tracking occupants
monitored by large scale camera networks; and is capable of
addressing important aspects of a wide-area indoor surveillance
system such as the sequencing of recognition events and associated
state updates to ensure accurate responses to spatio–temporal
queries. We have discussed an experimental evaluation of the key
aspects of our DSTS model and characterised the performance of
the model using precision and recall metrics. As part of our
ongoing work, we intend to focus on challenges in recognition and
retrieval, so as to efficiently and effectively answer spatio–
temporal queries regarding the movement of occupants.
6௑Acknowledgment
The authors acknowledge the Department of Science &
Technology (DST), Government of India for financial support
(vide reference SR/WOS-A/ET-96/2017) under the Women
Scientists Scheme (WOS-A) to carry out this work.
7௑References
[1]
Valera, M., Velastin, S.A.: ‘Intelligent distributed surveillance systems: a
review’, IEE Proc. Vis. Image Signal Process., 2005, 152, (2), pp. 192–204
[2]
Liu, H., Chen, S., Kubota, N.: ‘Intelligent video systems and analytics: a
survey’, IEEE Trans. Ind. Inf., 2013, 9, (3), pp. 1222–1233
[3]
Zabłocki, M., Gościewska, K., Frejlichowski, D., et al.: ‘Intelligent video
surveillance systems for public spaces – a survey’, J. Theor. Appl. Comput.
Sci., 2014, 8, (4), pp. 13–27
[4]
Hou, L., Wan, W., Hwang, J.N., et al.: ‘Human tracking over camera
networks: a review’, EURASIP J. Adv. Signal Process., 2017, 2017, p. 43
[5]
Cho, Y., Lim, S.O., Yang, H.S.: ‘Collaborative occupancy reasoning in visual
sensor network for scalable smart video surveillance’, IEEE Trans. Consum.
Electron., 2010, 56, (3), pp. 1997–2003
[6]
Kamal, A., Ding, C., Morye, A., et al.: ‘An overview of distributed tracking
and control in camera networks’, in Asari, V. (ed.): ‘Wide area surveillance.
Augmented vision and reality’ (Springer, Berlin, 2014), pp. 207–234
[7]
Menon, V., Jayaraman, B., Govindaraju, V.: ‘The three RS of cyberphysical
spaces’, Computer, 2011, 44, (9), pp. 73–79
[8]
Hong, K., Voelz, M., Govindaraju, V., et al.: ‘A distributed framework for
spatio-temporal analysis on large-scale camera networks’. Proc. IEEE 33rd
Int. Conf. Distributed Computing Systems Workshops, Philadelphia, 2013,
pp. 309–314
[9]
Dey, A.K.: ‘Understanding and using context’, Pers. Ubiquit. Comput., 2001,
5, (1), pp. 4–7
[10]
Schilit, B., Adams, N., Want, R.: ‘Context-aware computing applications’.
Proc. IEEE Workshop on Mobile Computing Systems and Applications, Santa
Cruz, 1994, pp. 85–90
[11]
Nappi, M., Ricciardi, S., Tistarelli, M.: ‘Context awareness in biometric
systems and methods: state of the art and future scenarios’, Image Vis.
Comput., 2018, 76, pp. 27–37
[12]
Ramachandran, U., Hong, K., Iftode, L., et al.: ‘Large-scale situation
awareness with camera networks and multimodal sensing’, Proc. IEEE, 2012,
100, (4), pp. 878–892
[13]
Tsakanikas, V., Dagiuklas, T.: ‘Video surveillance systems-current status and
future trends’, Comput. Electr. Eng., 2018, 70, pp. 736–753
[14]
Sharif, M., Naz, F., Yasmin, M., et al.: ‘Face recognition: a survey’, J. Eng.
Sci. Technol. Rev., 2017, 10, (2), pp. 166–177
[15]
Atrey, P.K., Hossain, M.A., El-Saddik, A., et al.: ‘Multimodal fusion for
multimedia analysis: a survey’, Multimed. Syst., 2010, 16, (6), pp. 345–379
[16]
Layne, R., Hospedales, T.M., Gong, S.: ‘Attributes-based re-identification’, in
Gong, S., Cristani, M., Yan, S., Loy, C. (eds.): ‘Person re-identification.
Advances in computer vision and pattern recognition’ (Springer, London,
2014), pp. 93–117
[17]
Chellappa, R., Du, M., Turaga, P., et al.: ‘Face tracking and recognition in
video’, in Li, S., Jain, A. (eds.): ‘Handbook of face recognition’ (Springer,
London, 2011), pp. 323–352
[18]
Yang, M.-H., Kriegman, D.J., Ahuja, N.: ‘Detecting faces in images: a
survey’, IEEE Trans. Pattern Anal. Mach. Intell., 2002, 24, (1), pp. 34–58
[19]
An, L., Bhanu, B., Yang, S.: ‘Unified face representation for individual
recognition in surveillance videos’, in Asari, V. (ed.): ‘Wide area surveillance.
Augmented vision and reality’ (Springer, Berlin, 2014), pp. 123–136
[20]
Narayan, N., Sankaran, N., Setlur, S., et al.: ‘Re-identification for online
person tracking by modeling space-time continuum’. Proc. IEEE Conf.
Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Workshops (CVPRW), Salt Lake
City, 2018, pp. 1438–1447
[21]
Fleuret, F., Shitrit, H.B., Fua, P.: ‘Re-identification for improved people
tracking’, in Gong, S., Cristani, M., Yan, S., Loy, C. (eds.): ‘Person re-
identification. Advances in computer vision and pattern recognition’
(Springer, London, 2014), pp. 309–330
[22]
Rinner, B., Wolf, W.: ‘An introduction to distributed smart cameras’, Proc.
IEEE, 2008, 96, (10), pp. 1565–1575
[23]
Feris, C., Hampapur, A., Zhai, Y., et al.: ‘Case study: IBM smart surveillance
system’, in Ma, Y., Qian, G. (eds.): ‘Intelligent video surveillance: systems
and technologies’ (Taylor & Francis, CRC Press, USA., 2009), pp. 47–76
[24]
Song, B., Ding, C., Kamal, A.T., et al.: ‘Distributed camera networks’, IEEE
Signal Process. Mag., 2011, 28, (3), pp. 20–31
[25]
Kshemkalyani, A.D., Singhal, M.: ‘Distributed computing: principles,
algorithms, and systems’ (Cambridge University Press, USA., 2008, 1st edn.)
[26]
Lamport, L.: ‘Time, clocks, and the ordering of events in a distributed
system’, Commun. ACM, 1978, 21, (7), pp. 558–565
[27]
Rosebrock, A.: ‘Opencv face recognition’. PyImageSearch. Available at
https://www.pyimagesearch.com/2018/06/18/face-recognition-with-opencv-
python-and-deep-learning/, accessed December 2019
[28]
King, D.: ‘High quality face recognition with deep metric learning’. http://
blog.dlib.net/2017/02/high-quality-face-recognition-with-deep.html/, accessed
December 2019
Fig. 5௒ Average precision and average recall for varying θ
 
Fig. 6௒ Occupant track across buildings for occupant o12
1
 
IET Comput. Vis., 2020, Vol. 14 Iss. 7, pp. 426-433
© The Institution of Engineering and Technology 2020
433
 17519640, 2020, 7, Downloaded from https://ietresearch.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1049/iet-cvi.2019.0959 by Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Wiley Online Library on [05/02/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License
